# Assessment - yes or no question
- Do you know how to check if an array have a particular number in an array of random numbers?
- Do you know how to move two axis of X,Y motor from 0,0 to 10,10?
- Do you know what are 4 pillar of object oriented programming?
- Do you know what are the differences of HTML, CSS, and javascript?
- Do you know what are examples of relational database management system?
- Do you know what is the meaning of software development lifecycle?
- Do you know clean code?
- Do you know design pattern?
_write down your answer and count how many yes you get_
***
# Story behind
- handle EFO
- met elins graduate that struggling on pass the recruitment
- realize that fresh graduate are very raw (especially UGM graduate)
- realize that industry is too far away, that's why bootcamp exist (especially for elins graduate)
- realize that this skill can help student life, for thesis
- guide student to grow their self
# Goal
- memberikan bekal kepada mahasiswa ELINS untuk lebih mudah bersaing, kenapa?
	- ELINS tidak di ranah computer science / informatika. mater pembelajaran di kampus tidak dalam
- memberikan wawasan tentang dunia profesional programming
- membiasakan mahasiswa dengan standard yang ada di industri
- melengkapi materi yang sudah diajarkan di kelas
# Step to achieve the goal
- know where we are - tau dimana kita
- know where is the end - tau dimana akhirnya
- know how to achieve the end - tau bagaimana mencapai akhirnya
## Where we are?
- near zero knowledge > 0 answer yes
- junior > 3 answer yes
- senior > all answer yes

## Where is the end?
- able to master basic programming
- able to make something with a programming language
	- demo / deployed
	- stored in git
	- tested
- has broad knowledge 

## how to achieve that?
- technical
- non technical

# Concept of this cohort
### normal distribution graph - be moderate
- don't underrated your self
	- handle impostor syndrome
	- handle low self esteem
- don't be too ambitious
	- handle overproud
	- handle overrating
### 10.000 hour theory and muscle memory - exercise
- process is important
- don't rely on on this cohort!
- repetition
- slow but sure
- be detail oriented and diligent
- neuron works
- publish and demo
### introvert room - ask question, talk
- treat something you don't comfort as a room in your home
- communication is important
- team work is important
- brave is important
### become flexible - push your self
- adjust self threshold
- the more flexible the threshold the more prone to being recognized
- say no, not all are your dearest friend
# my advice, if i can start over
- fact: 4 years is short, make memories
- communication and self attitude are important, go get experience on organization and organize events
- go get some trophies
- get at least 3.5 for IPK
- learn finance
- learn math
- learn english
- learn to write
- find hobbies
- get fun! but not too much


